Data-iRealPro

iRealPro is a songwriting tool / electronic backup band for
iPhone/iPad, Mac OSX and Android that lets you experiment with
advanced chord progressions and arrangements quickly and easily. You
can use iRealPro for songwriting experiments, as accompaniment when
learning new songs or for making backing tracks for your guitar /
saxophone / theremin solos.

iRealPro can import songs in one of two textual formats in the form of
URLs. The 'irealbook' format starts with "irealbook://" and, after
URLdecoding, is easily readable and straightforward to understand. It
is superseded by the 'irealb pro' format, which is proprietary and
uses obfuscation to hide the contents. These URLs start with
"irealb://". iRealPro has stated that although irealb is the official
data format, they will continue supporting irealbook format for import
since there are many, many songs out there on forums that are still in
irealbook format.

Data::iRealPro provides a set of modules that can be used to read and
analyse iRealPro songs in URL format and convert them into something
readable, like PDF or PNG, or raw JSON data. A ready-to-use program
irealcvt program is provided to perform conversions on the command line.

I have hesitated a long time to release this module, since it contains
code to reverse the obfuscation iRealPro uses to hide the file
details. However, recently I encountered some more open source tools
that handle the obfuscation in a similar way, so now I feel free to
consider the obfuscation algorithm public anyway.

iRealPro web site: http://www.irealpro.com .

A NOTE ABOUT FONTS

Module Data::iRealPro::Imager requires a number of fonts that are
included in the kit. When the program is run, you can specify the
location of the fonts with environment variable FONTDIR.

To the best of my knowledge all supplied fonts are free to use for
this purpose.

The condensed variants for Bravura and Myriad-CnSemibold are
programmatically generated from the original fonts.

SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the
perldoc command.

    perldoc Data::iRealPro

You can also look for information at:

    RT, CPAN's request tracker
        http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Data-iRealPro

    Search CPAN
        http://search.cpan.org/dist/Data-iRealPro

COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2013,2016 Johan Vromans

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

